original folder contains video files for all four datasets. These datasets are separated into training and testing videos.
=====
### data_preparation_(rough)
data_preparation_(rough) folder contains two files. create_mean_v2.py can be used to compute the mean frame, whereas, create_training_sets_v3.py can be used to create the training set. The same file can be used to create test set too. However, we provided all the preprocessed data for training and testing in all_dataset_training and all_dataset_testing folders.
### all_dataset_training
all_dataset_training folder alone is sufficient to train the mode. We only need to clone the following caffe fork (https://github.com/mhasa004/caffe) and adjust the python path. Inside this folder, all_datasets_10frames_3seqs folder contains all the preprocessed video ready for training. Codes in data_preparation_(rough) is used to generate this preprocessed data. all_scripts_prototxt folder contains required prototxt files and bash scripts.
### all_dataset_testing
all_dataset_testing folder alone is sufficient to run the testing. We only need the required caffe fork as above. This folder contains pre-processed test data in all_datasets_10frames_3seqs folder, test prototxt, trained model, and bash scripts to run the testing. In the recon_costs folder we have provided all the reconstruction costs generated by our model.
### all_dataset_post_processing
all_dataset_post_processing folder contains required script for generating the final results from the reconstruction cost. This folder contains all of the ground truth and persistence1d tool for computing local minimas from the reconstruction cost plots. process_conv_costs_supps_v3.m file is the starting point.

Please cite the following papers if you use Avenue, UCSD Ped1 and Ped2, and Subway datasets.

#### Avenue:
C. Lu, J. Shi, and J. Jia, “Abnormal event detection at 150 fps in matlab,” in ICCV, 2013, pp. 2720–2727.

#### UCSD Ped1 and Ped2:
V. Mahadevan, W. Li, V. Bhalodia, and N. Vasconcelos, “Anomaly detection in crowded scenes,” in CVPR, 2010, pp. 1975–1981.

#### Subway:
A. Adam, E. Rivlin, I. Shimshoni, and D. Reinitz, “Robust real-time unusual event detection using multiple fixed location monitors,” Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 30, no. 3, pp. 555–560, 2008. 2,

### Project website:https://mhasa004.github.io/regularity.html
